hello in today I'm going to teach you to
make this cute crepe paper flower is
very quick and easy to do let's see the
materials that we are going to need
we take one of the sheets of paper
curl and we're going to cut it down the line
marked of the crease this in order to
make each one of the petals of the flower
when we have cut it
It should look like this
Of this size
we cut and then we doubled it
in half again we are going to cut
here in this fold
take the scissors cut down the line
of the fold
from this world
We leave two pieces of paper each
one of these will be the petal of a flower
now
we take the chopsticks
and the tweezers for everything
and what we are going to do is try to
roll the paper in each of the
extremes
having more experience who have
more experience here
[Applause]
ah
very well we have already done the
flower we have stuck all the petals and
we have pasted the sheets here at
main flower stick I hope them
have liked the video do how many
flowers like it in all colors and
soon I will be uploading more videos
until next time